1380592960
Application	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateUsers	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/db/migrate/20131001005948_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
DemoApp	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/config/application.rb	module DemoApp
TestCase	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
change	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/db/migrate/20131001005948_create_users.rb	  def change
create	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
index	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
new	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
show	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	c:/sites/rails_projects/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
